pages/graphic-design.md, before:

---

layout: page
layout-sub-type: ubuntu

top-bar-class: apple

title: "Pitches, Presentations and Proposals Incorporating Hand Drawn Elements"
h1: "Graphic Design Service"
h1: "Pitches, Presentations and Proposals"
#----------------------- H1 LENGTH GUIDE ----------------------------

# sub-heading: "Marketing Collateral With A Human Touch"
# sub-heading: "Designed in the Hand Drawn Tech Style"
sub-heading: Design With Inventive Hand Drawn Elements

announcement:

header-image: content/pages/graphic-design/full-bleed-presentations-3/#jpg
header-class: no-card no-image grey #no-image no-card ubuntu
featured-image: header

author:
permalink: /graphic-design/
footer:
meta-description: ""

---






<!-- SECTION FULL BLEED IMAGES -->
{% include sections-pages/add-sect-full-bleed-images.html
  class = "strip-lines grey"
  ani-triggers = ""

  img-src-1 = "content/pages/graphic-design/full-bleed-presentations-1/#jpg"
  img-alt-1 = ""
  img-txt-1 = ""

  img-src-2 = "content/pages/graphic-design/full-bleed-presentations-2/#jpg"
  img-alt-2 = ""
  img-txt-2 = ""

  img-src-3 = "content/pages/graphic-design/full-bleed-presentations-3/#jpg"
  img-alt-3 = ""
  img-txt-3 = ""

  img-src-4 = "content/pages/graphic-design/full-bleed-presentations-4/#jpg"
  img-alt-4 = ""
  img-txt-4 = ""

  img-src-5 = ""
  img-alt-5 = ""
  img-txt-5 = ""

  image-array = "3"

%}




<!-- SECTION LOGOS -->
{% include sections-pages/add-sect-logos.html
  class = "bot-pad-cancel"
  section-divider = ""
  ani-triggers = ""

  sect-title = "Proven New Business Winner"

  h3-sub-title-top = ""
  h4-sub-title-top = ""
  text-top = "Business pitches, presentations and proposals featuring <b>Hand Drawn <em>Tech</em></b> illustrations are a proven new business winner. They look professional, feel human, and communicate ideas in a compelling way. They have been battle tested in many corporate boardrooms and consistently deliver."

  logo-png-array = "panasonic,samsung,disney,vodafone,ford,southwest"
  logo-col = "black"

  h3-sub-title-bot = ""
  h4-sub-title-bot = ""
  text-bot = ""

  link-text = ""
  link-url = ""
%}





<!-- SECTION TEXT & IMAGE -->
{% include sections-pages/add-sect-text-image.html
  class = "full-image right no-frame no-top-illo black"
  section-divider = ""
  ani-triggers = ""
  bg-slider-uniq-ID = ""
  bg-slider-classes = ""

  sect-title = "Unique and Affordable"

  h3-sub-title = ""
  h4-sub-title = ""
  text = "I have a large library of pre-existing illustrations, which when combined with bespoke illustrations, create a unique yet afforable design that maximises your budget."
  img-src = ""
  img-alt = ""

  video-active = "false"
  video-uniqueID = ""
  video-type = "vimeo"
  video-src = "https://player.vimeo.com"
  video-class = "sixteen-nine"

  carousel-active = "true"
  carousel-uniq-ID = "illustrations"
  carousel-img-dir = "content/pages/graphic-design/carousel"
  carousel-img-num = 8

  link-text = ""
  link-url = ""
%}











<!-- SECTION QUOTE -->
{% include sections-pages/add-sect-quote.html
  class = "small man"
  section-divider = ""
  ani-triggers = ""

  sect-title = "What Clients Say"

  avatar-src = "/images/content/quote-avatars/man.png"
  rating = "5/5"
  text = " We used Scott's services to create a professional looking Investor Proposal - outstanding value and very unique."
  author = "- Peter M, Technology Entrepreneur, London"
%}







<!-- SECTION TEXT -->
{% include sections-pages/add-sect-text.html
	class = "black"
	section-divider = ""
	ani-triggers = ""

	sect-title = "Get in Touch"
	
	h1 = ""
	p1 = "For more information, timings, and an accurate quote send me a message."
	
	h2 = ""
	p2 = ""
	
	link-text = "Start chat"
	link-url = "open-chat"
%}



<!-- SECTION TEXT -->
{% include sections-pages/add-sect-text.html
  class = "black no-top-gap"
  section-divider = ""
  ani-triggers = ""

  sect-title = "Book a Free Consultation"
  
  h1 = ""
  p1 = "If you would like to discuss a project in-person over zoom, please book a 'consultation'."

  h2 = ""
  p2 = ""
  
  link-text = "View calendar"
  link-url = "/contact"
%}

Commit message:

v1.2.4
* UPDATED: Made copy third person

pages/graphic-design.md, after:

---

layout: page
layout-sub-type: ubuntu

top-bar-class: apple

title: "Pitches, Presentations and Proposals Incorporating Hand Drawn Elements"
h1: "Graphic Design Service"
h1: "Pitches, Presentations and Proposals"
#----------------------- H1 LENGTH GUIDE ----------------------------

# sub-heading: "Marketing Collateral With A Human Touch"
sub-heading: Design With Inventive Hand Drawn Elements
sub-heading: Graphic Design Incorporating Inventive Hand Drawn Elements

announcement:

header-image: content/pages/graphic-design/full-bleed-presentations-3/#jpg
header-class: no-card no-image grey #no-image no-card ubuntu
featured-image: header

author:
permalink: /graphic-design/
footer:
meta-description: ""

---






<!-- SECTION FULL BLEED IMAGES -->
{% include sections-pages/add-sect-full-bleed-images.html
  class = "strip-lines grey"
  ani-triggers = ""

  img-src-1 = "content/pages/graphic-design/full-bleed-presentations-1/#jpg"
  img-alt-1 = ""
  img-txt-1 = ""

  img-src-2 = "content/pages/graphic-design/full-bleed-presentations-2/#jpg"
  img-alt-2 = ""
  img-txt-2 = ""

  img-src-3 = "content/pages/graphic-design/full-bleed-presentations-3/#jpg"
  img-alt-3 = ""
  img-txt-3 = ""

  img-src-4 = "content/pages/graphic-design/full-bleed-presentations-4/#jpg"
  img-alt-4 = ""
  img-txt-4 = ""

  img-src-5 = ""
  img-alt-5 = ""
  img-txt-5 = ""

  image-array = "3"

%}




<!-- SECTION LOGOS -->
{% include sections-pages/add-sect-logos.html
  class = "bot-pad-cancel"
  section-divider = ""
  ani-triggers = ""

  sect-title = "Proven New Business Winner"

  h3-sub-title-top = ""
  h4-sub-title-top = ""
  text-top = "Business pitches, presentations and proposals featuring <b>Hand Drawn <em>Tech</em></b> illustrations are a proven new business winner. They look professional, feel human, and communicate ideas in a compelling way. They have been battle tested in many corporate boardrooms and consistently deliver."

  logo-png-array = "panasonic,samsung,disney,vodafone,ford,southwest"
  logo-col = "black"

  h3-sub-title-bot = ""
  h4-sub-title-bot = ""
  text-bot = ""

  link-text = ""
  link-url = ""
%}





<!-- SECTION TEXT & IMAGE -->
{% include sections-pages/add-sect-text-image.html
  class = "full-image right no-frame grey"
  section-divider = ""
  ani-triggers = ""
  bg-slider-uniq-ID = ""
  bg-slider-classes = ""

  sect-title = "Get the Most of Your Budget"

  h3-sub-title = ""
  h4-sub-title = ""
  text = "By mixing existing illustrations (from an extensive back catalogue) with bespoke illustrations, unique and distinctive pitches, presentations and proposals can be created to fit most budgets."
  img-src = ""
  img-alt = ""

  video-active = "false"
  video-uniqueID = ""
  video-type = "vimeo"
  video-src = "https://player.vimeo.com"
  video-class = "sixteen-nine"

  carousel-active = "true"
  carousel-uniq-ID = "illustrations"
  carousel-img-dir = "content/pages/graphic-design/carousel"
  carousel-img-num = 8

  link-text = ""
  link-url = ""
%}











<!-- SECTION QUOTE -->
{% include sections-pages/add-sect-quote.html
  class = "small man"
  section-divider = ""
  ani-triggers = ""

  sect-title = "What Clients Say"

  avatar-src = "/images/content/quote-avatars/man.png"
  rating = "5/5"
  text = " We used Scott's services to create a professional looking Investor Proposal - outstanding value and very unique."
  author = "- Peter M, Technology Entrepreneur, London"
%}







<!-- SECTION TEXT -->
{% include sections-pages/add-sect-text.html
	class = "black"
	section-divider = ""
	ani-triggers = ""

	sect-title = "Get in Touch"
	
	h1 = ""
	p1 = "For more information, timings, and an idea of costs send Scott a message."
	
	h2 = ""
	p2 = ""
	
	link-text = "Start chat"
	link-url = "open-chat"
%}



<!-- SECTION TEXT -->
{% include sections-pages/add-sect-text.html
  class = "black no-top-gap"
  section-divider = ""
  ani-triggers = ""

  sect-title = "Book a Free Consultation"
  
  h1 = ""
  p1 = "If you would like to discuss a project with Scott, over Zoom or Teams, please book a 'consultation'."

  h2 = ""
  p2 = ""
  
  link-text = "View calendar"
  link-url = "/contact"
%}
