pages/how-to-commission-new-illustrations.md, before:

---

layout: post
layout-sub-type: legal

top-bar-class:

title: How to Commission New Illustrations
h1: How to Commission New Illustrations
#----------------------- H1 LENGTH GUIDE ----------------------------

sub-heading: Everything You Need to Know

permalink: /how-to-commission-new-hand-drawn-tech-illustrations/
meta-description: "How to get in touch and book a free consultation."

---



<div><p class="breadcrumb smallest"><a href="/design-mock-up-licence/">Design Mock-up License</a> | <a href="/how-to-licence-hand-drawn-tech-illustrations/">How to Licence My Illustrations</a> | <em>How to Commission New Illustrations</em></p></div>




#### New Commissions

For a new commission a written agreement will be required, this will include; a summary of the brief, the fee, the deadlines for the roughs and finished artworks, and the [licence](/how-to-licence-illustrations/) (where, how and for how long you will reproduce the work.



#### Creation & Delivery


Once terms have been agreed, I will submit roughs for your consideration, with upto three rounds of revisions (dependent on what we agreed) with further revisions charged at an agreed rate. When you’ve approved the roughs, I will then develop them into the finished artwork, after which, up to three further minor amends can be made.

There may be some cases where you have to reject the artwork. The following industry standard rejection/cancellation will then apply:

- 25% of the agreed fee if the work is rejected at rough stage.
- 33% – 50% of the agreed fee if the artwork is rejected on delivery
- 100% of the agreed fee if the commission is cancelled on the delivery of artwork.


<!-- DIVIDER  -->
{% include sections-posts/add-divider.html %}

*Last updated June 19, 2022*

Commit message:

v1.1.0
* UPDATED: Changed text on index page
* UPDATED: Changed licensing pages

pages/how-to-commission-new-illustrations.md, after:

---

layout: post
layout-sub-type: legal

top-bar-class:

title: "Licensing & Commissioning Illustrations: Commissioning New Illustrations"
h1: Licensing & Commissioning Illustrations
#----------------------- H1 LENGTH GUIDE ----------------------------

sub-heading: Everything You Need to Know

permalink: /how-to-commission-new-illustrations/
meta-description: "How to get in touch and book a free consultation."

---



<div><p class="breadcrumb smallest"><a href="/the-licence-model/">The Licence Model</a> | <a href="/how-to-licence-existing-illustrations/"> Licensing Existing Illustrations</a> | <em>Commissioning New Illustrations</em></p></div>



#### Commissioning New Illustrations

As new commission, is a bespoke illustration created on request. For a new commission a written agreement will be required, this will include:

1. A summary of the brief
2. The fee
3. The deadlines for the roughs and finished artworks
4. The [licence](/the-licence-model/) (where, how and for how long you will reproduce the work)



#### Creation & Delivery


Once terms have been agreed, I will submit roughs for your consideration, with upto three rounds of revisions (dependent on what we agreed) with further revisions charged at an agreed rate. When you’ve approved the roughs, I will then develop them into the finished artwork, after which, up to three further minor amends can be made.

There may be some cases where you have to reject the artwork. The following industry standard rejection/cancellation will then apply:

- 25% of the agreed fee if the work is rejected at rough stage
- 33% – 50% of the agreed fee if the artwork is rejected on delivery
- 100% of the agreed fee if the commission is cancelled on the delivery of artwork


#### Calculating Fees

To understand how fees are calculated, I suggest reading <a href="/the-licence-model/">The Licence Model</a> section. For new commissions there is also an additional creation fee, this is normally a percentage of the licence fee costs. If you would like to discuss a new commission and get a quote, please start by contacting me via the chat fucntion. 




<!-- DIVIDER  -->
{% include sections-posts/add-divider.html %}

*Last updated June 19, 2022*
