pages/video-animation.md, before:

---

layout: page
layout-sub-type: ubuntu

top-bar-class: apple

title: "Whiteboard Explainer Videos With a Human Touch"
h1: "Whiteboard Animation Service"
h1: "Video Animation With a Human Touch"
h1: "Explainer Videos With a Human Touch"
#----------------------- H1 LENGTH GUIDE ----------------------------

sub-heading: "Explainer Videos With a Human Touch"
sub-heading: "Whimsical Hand Drawn Whiteboard Animations"

announcement:

header-image: content/pages/pro-draw/header-options/presentation4/#jpg
header-class: no-image no-card
featured-image: header

author:
permalink: /video-animation/
footer:
meta-description: ""

---





<!-- SECTION TEXT & IMAGE -->
{% include sections-pages/add-sect-text-image.html
  class = "full-image right no-frame"
  section-divider = ""
  ani-triggers = ""
  bg-slider-uniq-ID = ""
  bg-slider-classes = ""

  sect-title = ""

  h3-sub-title = ""
  h4-sub-title = ""
  caption = ""
  text = "Replace matter-of-fact explanations and descriptions with warmth and charm."
  img-src = ""
  img-alt = ""

  video-active = "true"
  video-uniqueID = "123"
  video-type = "vimeo-full-bleed"
  video-src = "https://player.vimeo.com/video/481630637"
  video-class = "sixteen-nine"

  carousel-active = "false"
  carousel-uniq-ID = "MBPO"
  carousel-img-dir = "content/pages/books/made-by-papa-outdoor/carousel/"
  carousel-img-num = 10

  link-text = ""
  link-url = ""
%}





<!-- SECTION TEXT & IMAGE -->
{% include sections-pages/add-sect-text-image.html
  class = "full-image right no-top-illo no-frame"
  section-divider = ""
  ani-triggers = ""
  bg-slider-uniq-ID = ""
  bg-slider-classes = ""

  sect-title = ""

  h3-sub-title = ""
  h4-sub-title = ""
  caption = ""
  text = "Communicate in an authentic and professional way that doesn't look too polished."
  img-src = ""
  img-alt = ""

  video-active = "true"
  video-uniqueID = "123A"
  video-type = "vimeo-full-bleed"
  video-src = "https://player.vimeo.com/video/270131501"
  video-class = "sixteen-nine"

  carousel-active = "false"
  carousel-uniq-ID = "MBPO"
  carousel-img-dir = "content/pages/books/made-by-papa-outdoor/carousel/"
  carousel-img-num = 10

  link-text = ""
  link-url = ""
%}









<!-- SECTION TEXT & IMAGE -->
{% include sections-pages/add-sect-text-image.html
  class = "full-image right no-top-illo no-frame"
  section-divider = ""
  ani-triggers = ""
  bg-slider-uniq-ID = ""
  bg-slider-classes = ""

  sect-title = ""

  h3-sub-title = ""
  h4-sub-title = ""
  caption = ""
  text = "Transform business speak into a story that people will emotionally engage with."
  img-src = ""
  img-alt = ""

  video-active = "true"
  video-uniqueID = "123B"
  video-type = "vimeo-full-bleed"
  video-src = "https://player.vimeo.com/video/199146435"
  video-class = "sixteen-nine"

  carousel-active = "false"
  carousel-uniq-ID = "MBPO"
  carousel-img-dir = "content/pages/books/made-by-papa-outdoor/carousel/"
  carousel-img-num = 10

  link-text = ""
  link-url = ""
%}










<!-- SECTION TEXT & IMAGE -->
{% include sections-pages/add-sect-text-image.html
  class = "full-image right no-top-illo no-frame"
  section-divider = ""
  ani-triggers = ""
  bg-slider-uniq-ID = ""
  bg-slider-classes = ""

  sect-title = ""

  h3-sub-title = ""
  h4-sub-title = ""
  caption = ""
  text = "Explain abstract ideas and tricky concepts in an accessible and memorable way."
  img-src = ""
  img-alt = ""

  video-active = "true"
  video-uniqueID = "123C"
  video-type = "vimeo-full-bleed"
  video-src = "https://player.vimeo.com/video/408785168"
  video-class = "sixteen-nine"

  carousel-active = "false"
  carousel-uniq-ID = "MBPO"
  carousel-img-dir = "content/pages/books/made-by-papa-outdoor/carousel/"
  carousel-img-num = 10

  link-text = ""
  link-url = ""
%}










<!-- SECTION TEXT & IMAGE -->
{% include sections-pages/add-sect-text-image.html
	class = "full-image large-image no-frame right no-frame no-top-illo"
	section-divider = ""
	ani-triggers = ""

	sect-title = "Animated Loops"

	h3-sub-title = ""
	h4-sub-title = ""
	text = "For use in social media, content marketing, or on brand sites, they can be provided as an animated GIF or conventional video format."
	img-src = "content/pages/home/section-images/megaphone/#jpg"
  	img-alt = "Crafts by Scott Bedford"

  	video-active = "true"
  	video-uniqueID = "123D"
  	video-type = "vimeo-full-bleed"
  	video-src = "autoplay&loop&muted|/videos/mfc-sq-col-720p.mp4"
  	video-class = "max-height"
  	
  	link-text = ""
  	link-url = ""
%}








<!-- SECTION TEXT -->
{% include sections-pages/add-sect-text.html
	class = "black"
	section-divider = ""
	ani-triggers = ""

	sect-title = "Get in Touch"
	
	h1 = ""
	p1 = "For more information, timings, and an accurate quote send me a message."
	
	h2 = ""
	p2 = ""
	
	link-text = "Start chat"
	link-url = "open-chat"
%}



<!-- SECTION TEXT -->
{% include sections-pages/add-sect-text.html
  class = "black no-top-gap"
  section-divider = ""
  ani-triggers = ""

  sect-title = "Book a Free Consultation"
  
  h1 = ""
  p1 = "If you would like to discuss a project in-person over zoom, please book a 'consultation'."

  h2 = ""
  p2 = ""
  
  link-text = "View calendar"
  link-url = "/contact"
%}

Commit message:

v1.2.4
* UPDATED: Made copy third person

pages/video-animation.md, after:

---

layout: page
layout-sub-type: ubuntu

top-bar-class: apple

title: "Whiteboard Explainer Videos With a Human Touch"
h1: "Whiteboard Animation Service"
h1: "Video Animation With a Human Touch"
h1: "Explainer Videos With a Human Touch"
#----------------------- H1 LENGTH GUIDE ----------------------------

sub-heading: "Explainer Videos With a Human Touch"
sub-heading: "Whimsical Hand Drawn Whiteboard Animations"

announcement:

header-image: content/pages/pro-draw/header-options/presentation4/#jpg
header-class: no-image no-card
featured-image: header

author:
permalink: /video-animation/
footer:
meta-description: ""

---





<!-- SECTION TEXT & IMAGE -->
{% include sections-pages/add-sect-text-image.html
  class = "full-image right no-frame"
  section-divider = ""
  ani-triggers = ""
  bg-slider-uniq-ID = ""
  bg-slider-classes = ""

  sect-title = ""

  h3-sub-title = ""
  h4-sub-title = ""
  caption = ""
  text = "Replace matter-of-fact explanations and descriptions with warmth and charm."
  img-src = ""
  img-alt = ""

  video-active = "true"
  video-uniqueID = "123"
  video-type = "vimeo-full-bleed"
  video-src = "https://player.vimeo.com/video/481630637"
  video-class = "sixteen-nine"

  carousel-active = "false"
  carousel-uniq-ID = "MBPO"
  carousel-img-dir = "content/pages/books/made-by-papa-outdoor/carousel/"
  carousel-img-num = 10

  link-text = ""
  link-url = ""
%}





<!-- SECTION TEXT & IMAGE -->
{% include sections-pages/add-sect-text-image.html
  class = "full-image right no-top-illo no-frame"
  section-divider = ""
  ani-triggers = ""
  bg-slider-uniq-ID = ""
  bg-slider-classes = ""

  sect-title = ""

  h3-sub-title = ""
  h4-sub-title = ""
  caption = ""
  text = "Communicate in an authentic and professional way that doesn't look too polished."
  img-src = ""
  img-alt = ""

  video-active = "true"
  video-uniqueID = "123A"
  video-type = "vimeo-full-bleed"
  video-src = "https://player.vimeo.com/video/270131501"
  video-class = "sixteen-nine"

  carousel-active = "false"
  carousel-uniq-ID = "MBPO"
  carousel-img-dir = "content/pages/books/made-by-papa-outdoor/carousel/"
  carousel-img-num = 10

  link-text = ""
  link-url = ""
%}









<!-- SECTION TEXT & IMAGE -->
{% include sections-pages/add-sect-text-image.html
  class = "full-image right no-top-illo no-frame"
  section-divider = ""
  ani-triggers = ""
  bg-slider-uniq-ID = ""
  bg-slider-classes = ""

  sect-title = ""

  h3-sub-title = ""
  h4-sub-title = ""
  caption = ""
  text = "Transform business speak into a story that people will emotionally engage with."
  img-src = ""
  img-alt = ""

  video-active = "true"
  video-uniqueID = "123B"
  video-type = "vimeo-full-bleed"
  video-src = "https://player.vimeo.com/video/199146435"
  video-class = "sixteen-nine"

  carousel-active = "false"
  carousel-uniq-ID = "MBPO"
  carousel-img-dir = "content/pages/books/made-by-papa-outdoor/carousel/"
  carousel-img-num = 10

  link-text = ""
  link-url = ""
%}










<!-- SECTION TEXT & IMAGE -->
{% include sections-pages/add-sect-text-image.html
  class = "full-image right no-top-illo no-frame"
  section-divider = ""
  ani-triggers = ""
  bg-slider-uniq-ID = ""
  bg-slider-classes = ""

  sect-title = ""

  h3-sub-title = ""
  h4-sub-title = ""
  caption = ""
  text = "Explain abstract ideas and tricky concepts in an accessible and memorable way."
  img-src = ""
  img-alt = ""

  video-active = "true"
  video-uniqueID = "123C"
  video-type = "vimeo-full-bleed"
  video-src = "https://player.vimeo.com/video/408785168"
  video-class = "sixteen-nine"

  carousel-active = "false"
  carousel-uniq-ID = "MBPO"
  carousel-img-dir = "content/pages/books/made-by-papa-outdoor/carousel/"
  carousel-img-num = 10

  link-text = ""
  link-url = ""
%}










<!-- SECTION TEXT & IMAGE -->
{% include sections-pages/add-sect-text-image.html
	class = "full-image large-image no-frame right no-frame no-top-illo"
	section-divider = ""
	ani-triggers = ""

	sect-title = "Animated Loops"

	h3-sub-title = ""
	h4-sub-title = ""
	text = "Sometimes a short looped animation is all that is required, especially effective on brand sites and social media. Can be provided as an animated GIF or conventional video format."
	img-src = "content/pages/home/section-images/megaphone/#jpg"
  	img-alt = "Crafts by Scott Bedford"

  	video-active = "true"
  	video-uniqueID = "123D"
  	video-type = "vimeo-full-bleed"
  	video-src = "autoplay&loop&muted|/videos/mfc-sq-col-720p.mp4"
  	video-class = "max-height"
  	
  	link-text = ""
  	link-url = ""
%}








<!-- SECTION TEXT -->
{% include sections-pages/add-sect-text.html
	class = "black"
	section-divider = ""
	ani-triggers = ""

	sect-title = "Get in Touch"
	
	h1 = ""
	p1 = "For more information, timings, and an idea of costs send Scott a message."
	
	h2 = ""
	p2 = ""
	
	link-text = "Start chat"
	link-url = "open-chat"
%}



<!-- SECTION TEXT -->
{% include sections-pages/add-sect-text.html
  class = "black no-top-gap"
  section-divider = ""
  ani-triggers = ""

  sect-title = "Book a Free Consultation"
  
  h1 = ""
  p1 = "If you would like to discuss a project with Scott, over Zoom or Teams, please book a 'consultation'."

  h2 = ""
  p2 = ""
  
  link-text = "View calendar"
  link-url = "/contact"
%}
